hey guys Mike here and this is bluff
Mike all it's an awesome app that allows
you to change your caller ID so when you
make a call you don't have to show your
color ID and you can also change your
voice and it's just an awesome app let's
jump right in
bluff my call is a free download and it
also has options to use your normal
voice you can change your voice to a
man's voice or a woman's voice you can
also record your phone calls for free
which is pretty awesome or you can
choose not to record and when you do
place a phone call you can call free it
will tell you how many minutes you have
free you can also purchase a premium
minute package if you like you also get
a 10 second advertisement before your
call is placed you can also check your
call history see which phone calls you
did record in the settings for bluff my
call you have your pin with your value
if you decided to purchase a premium
option you can also have turned toggle
on or off announced recorded calls so
you do not have to you do not have to
have the settings for announcing a
recorded call but you can you can use
your email also you can access number
auto select and many other options and
frequently asked questions and customer
support so I highly recommend this is a
very well-thought-out app and I highly
recommend it Bluff my call is free and
the my our repo so I highly recommend
Bluff my call it's an awesome way to
call and change your caller ID record
change your voice thanks
watch and see the next video